WIP - MTA-4637: Pattern matching docs need urgent improvements (#92)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/yaml-java-provider.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/rules-development-guide/master.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="yaml-java-provider_{context}"]
= Java provider

The `java` provider analyzes Java source code.

This provider has the following capabilities:

* `referenced`
* `dependency`

.`referenced`

> The `referenced` capability enables the provider to find references in the source code. This capability takes three input parameters: `pattern`, `location`, and `annotated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the `referenced` capability, the provider finds references in the source code. This capability takes three input parameters: `pattern`, `location`, and `annotated`.
```

[source,terminal]
----
when:
  java.referenced:
    pattern: "<pattern>" # <1>
    location: "<location>" # <2>
    annotated: "<annotated>" # <3>
----
<1> A regular expression pattern to match.
<2> Specifies the exact location where the pattern needs to be matched, for example, `IMPORT`.

> <3> Checks for specific annotations and their elements, such as name and value in the Java code using a query. For example, the following query matches the Bean(url = “http://www.example.com”) annotation in the method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> Checks for specific annotations and their elements, such as name and value, in the Java code using a query. For example, the following query matches the Bean(url = “http://www.example.com”) annotation in the method.
```

> <3> Checks for specific annotations and their elements, such as name and value, in the Java code using a query. For example, the following query matches the Bean(url = “http://www.example.com”) annotation in the method.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> Checks for specific annotations and their elements, such as name and value, in the Java code using a query. For example, the following query matches the `Bean` (url = “http://www.example.com”) annotation in the method.
```
